Update relationships.adoc (#3271)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/type-definitions/relationships.adoc

Relationship properties can be added to the above type definitions in two steps:

1. Add an interface definition containing the desired relationship properties

> 2. Add a `properties` argument to either or both "sides" of the `@relationship` directive which points to the newly defined interface

Reviewer: I think this is a great point to make, but let's change the wording a little:

```suggestion
2. Add a `properties` argument to both "sides" (or just one side, if you prefer) of the `@relationship` directive which points to the newly defined interface
```
